Update 100-metrics.md (#6217)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/aws/content/108-cloudwatch/100-metrics.md

# Metrics

> In Amazon CloudWatch, **metrics** are fundamental concepts that you work with. A metric is the fundamental concept in CloudWatch and represents a time-ordered set of data points that are published to CloudWatch. Think of a metric as a variable to monitor, and the data points as representing the values of that variable over time. Metrics are uniquely defined by a name, a namespace, and zero or more dimensions up to 30 dimensions per metric. Every data point must have a timestamp. You can retrieve statistics about those data points as an ordered set of time-series data. CloudWatch provides metrics for every serviece in AWS. We can also have **Custom Metrics**. And we can stream CloudWatch Metrics to a destination of our choice, like Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose, 3rd party serviece providers etc, with near-real-time delivery and with low latency. There is an option to **filter metrics** to only stream a subset of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Amazon CloudWatch, **metrics** are fundamental concepts that you work with. A metric is the fundamental concept in CloudWatch and represents a time-ordered set of data points that are published to CloudWatch. Think of a metric as a variable to monitor, and the data points as representing the values of that variable over time. Metrics are uniquely defined by a name, a namespace, and zero or more dimensions up to 30 dimensions per metric. Every data point must have a timestamp. You can retrieve statistics about those data points as an ordered set of time-series data. CloudWatch provides metrics for every serviece in AWS.

Learn more from the following resources:

- [@official@CloudWatch Metrics](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/publishingMetrics.html)
```
